npm bugs: add page (#14500)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/npm-bugs.md

# npm bugs

> Report bugs for a package in a web browser.
> Attempts to open the package's bug tracker URL or support email.
> More information: <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/npm-bugs>.

- Report bugs for a specific package by opening the bug tracker for the specified package:

`npm bugs {{package_name}}`

- Open the bug tracker for the current package by searching for a `package.json` file and using its name:

`npm bugs`

> - Configure the browser used to open URLs by setting your preferred browser for npm commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the browser used to open URLs by setting your preferred browser for `npm` commands:
```

# npm bugs

> > Reports bugs for a package in a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Report bugs for a package in a web browser.
```
so it is in imperative mood like the examples descriptions(see styleguide)

> > Command to report bugs for a package in a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Report bugs for a package in a web browser.
```

> Attempts to open the package's bug tracker URL or support email.
> More information: <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/npm-bugs>.

- Report bugs for a specific package by opening the bug tracker for the specified package:

`npm bugs {{package_name}}`

- Open the bug tracker for the current package by searching for a `package.json` file and using its name:

`npm bugs`

- Configure the browser used to open URLs by setting your preferred browser for npm commands:

`npm config set browser {{browser_name}}`

> - Suppress browser behavior by setting it to false, which will print URLs to the terminal instead of opening a browser:
> 
> `npm config set browser false`
> 
> - Use the default system URL opener by setting it to true:
> 
> `npm config set browser true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Control URL opening: set `browser` to `true` for the system opener, or `false` to print URLs in the terminal:

`npm config set browser {{true|false}}`
```
Maybe something like this?
